---
title: Luther Books
description: Luther Books is a resource site for lutheran students with overview of Luther writings on net.
---

`Luther-Books` contains the following main pages:

- The [Search](/search) page have a searchable and sortable (tables) overview of resource sites (on net), used by lutherans to read Luther online and when referring to Luther's writings.
- The [Blog](/blog) contains a few of the most important's writings from Luther.
- The [Docs](/docs/about) contains information about this web site, and how to build a site like this [template/ theme](./docs/getting-started/){:target="_blank" title="Click to open the subpage Getting Started"} as _Luther Books_ is built with.

## Features

### Search

The Search page contains a table overview of resource sites on net with Lutheran Writings and resources.

If you are a student, pastor or priest you will love this site.

#### Table

The hole search page is built on a advanced table. This table make it more user friendly than any Lutheran resource sites - that exist on www (per 2024).

::note
URL links
With right click on the rows (or click on every rows dropdown menu) you get the possibility to copy the link(s).

Description
On mouse hover over the rows the description is popping up
::

#### Sortable Columns

It is possibly to sort all the columns in both directions.

::note
It's not advisable to add more columns than the title on mobile phone screens. Hover, right click on the rows or open rows dropdown menu to get more information.
::

#### Filter by search

You can search with use of words or a string to filter the table, that it only shows the rows that contains the search string.

### Blog

The **Blog** contains an overview of short books published on `Luther Books` blog site.

## Plans

My plans is to add more writings to the [blog](../blog/) site or/ and to this [docs](../docs) template.
